welcome back to video games awesome live
we're looking at our minecraft awesome
server and the simpsons build we're in
Springfield here's the dr. Nick Riviera
is walk-in clinic one six hundred dr.
Bluhm and if not much to his clinic
there and this is the old advertisement
on top I think
sorry throughout I almost forgot that
one we just looked at King toots and the
entire row of places with Moe's and the
noise and arcade let's head back into
town square here and we're in a
crisscross across to Greg with the lake
corner better not for a leg we're going
to Luigi's restaurant across here
Luigi's some Edgar burns his air is the
first time showed dirt Public Works I've
worked on this and let's go in they
deliver
Luigi's we deliver what come back Fraser
says Relkin okay things just really
starting to fall apart in these last
couple parts I don't I don't know I'm
going to hit too late all right Iron
Chef deacon
Alpha Team special what you know about
making pizzas hater sausage fest four
loko this is all references to Epic Meal
Time Jack Daniels sauce bacon strips
oh yeah what's in the bag brick oven
pizza what you know what I'm called it
says something about Canadian bacon I'm
sure it's called ham not Canadian bacon
oh dear oh this is Luigi I missed him on
the way in can we play the red crab
dress do you come back here you have a
nice a table for you away from all these
others when they call them the sky yeah
you know you scuff Oh
McCroskey compared to a crisp Oh proven
fact Italian scum nobody important Oh
roll style all right
this time take time to appreciate bacon
bones what ain't got nothin on my cake
skills oh I'm sure he'd upset and lots
of cake here those are supposed to be
pizzas though
and then Luigi's behind the counter
serving up some pizza and with that time
Iron Chef deacon for some reason what's
that bah bah bah boo bee I don't know
what that gap but wickham's in here with
Principal Skinner and we got Flanders
and Hans Moleman
eating away that's good stuff all right
now I'm rockin where was it that you
wanted to what did you want to show me
before I headed over here I'll wait for
him to respond in the Minecraft window
go to silent all right silence right
here so silent what's up
that yearly silent people in my office
this way okay yeah we can watch this I
thought that I'd missed something like
back at dr. Nix or something Krusty gets
busted courthouse is the first time they
showed it oh yeah I guess crime does pay
Springfield County Courthouse no parking
let's head into the courthouse
you must spider pig being killed Frazer
oh well why was he being killed here is
the courthouse nice everybody's here
even the jury is this any real people no
party to be in here first of all and so
does Principal Skinner yeah I know you
can read my thoughts boy wow look at the
hair on march over there
strategically placed I guess she has to
run a hat around ahead of any bill
that's good stuff all right and then we
just got all the townspeople presiding
they're watching the court
oh this is the trial for the all you can
eat yeah you can eat sushi at the Frank
Dutchman all right and they drove around
looking for another all-you-can-eat
seafood and when they couldn't they went
fishing
mrs. Simpson may I remind you that
you're under oath
probably the most competent he's ever
been yeah
does that sound like a man who's that
all he can eat all right so that's the
courthouse nice looking good
they like their mjolnir song and now
everybody runs to get over to as fast as
they can to make chili run she's it all
right and then over here we've got the
the police department Springfield Police
Department from Homer the vigilante and
this is by cogswell chris is a good
police department if it please
Springfield for Eastern all right headed
in violin cabinets holding cells filing
cabinets thank you yeah sounds like
we've got some zombies afoot here's the
cells one of them should have a pretty
good view of Moe's oh yeah
there's no windows in these cells loo
should have a squirrel running around
head upstairs to the interrogation room
we got an interrogation room in here all
right
sea captain's dogging us everywhere we
go go over here to the comm room yeah I
guess so
he's got something I don't understand
this testing oh just all the megaphones
testing testing when he did that I
wanted to do it so bad I was like I
thought it would work like that and I
thought all megaphones would snap
together like Lego like that and then
the fly buzzes by friendly fire Oh is
chief Wiggum why does he have fire by
anybody is that it a lot of when the
police stations just on fire burns his
suit burned is huge Twin Peaks down in
here we got a drunk tank and Lionel Hutz
is in there for some reason and all
right and then I think there was a brown
liquors I think there's one other thing
what's that you only drink you what does
he call for help and remember I love you
I love you too man so that's the police
department as well what is huts changes
name to when he burns all the stuff
piston Oh Miguel Sanchez Gael Sanchez
but I got to keep his bird cage look
this isn't the YMCA does he say give me
a free boat Pig
give me a free what Oh Pig hi whatever
it's this room
Oh does he say that to him give you a
poke pig I can't remember if you
remember all right should be heading to
the town hall for this part two I don't
know what do you think's silent do you
think I should do
town hall on this part as well they come
away toys oh yeah I forgot
um alright and I think the next part
will be androids dungeon and the Town
Hall so catch us right after the break
with more minecraft awesome Simpsons
build